Add transition event notification (#11047)
Minio-io/minio: docs/bucket/lifecycle/README.md

--restore-request Days=3
```

### 4.1 Monitoring transition events

> `s3:ilm:OperationCompletedTransition` and `s3:ilm:OperationFailedTransition` events can be used to monitor transition events between the source cluster and transition tier. To watch lifecycle events, you can enable bucket notification on the source bucket with `mc event add`  and specify `--event ilm` flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`s3:ObjectTransition:Complete` and `s3:ObjectTransition:Failed` events can be used to monitor transition events between the source cluster and transition tier. To watch lifecycle events, you can enable bucket notification on the source bucket with `mc event add`  and specify `--event ilm` flag.
```
